Yes — green light. Phase 3 PR ready to build.
The Option A pattern you have is correct. One small refinement worth applying before you write the code:
Verify both guard sites use the exact same code, not paraphrased. Lines 520 and 1447 should have byte-identical guard blocks (same variable name uc, same condition, same call structure). Two guards with subtly different shapes (one uses uc.extraction.filters.domestic_only.enabled, the other writes it as uc.extraction.filters.domestic_only and uc.extraction.filters.domestic_only.enabled) is the kind of detail that produces a phantom shadow-mode divergence later. Copy-paste the same three lines.
If you want to be extra-defensive, extract the guard into a one-liner helper:
pythondef _domestic_only_filter_enabled() -> bool:
    uc = get_uni_config()
    return uc is None or uc.extraction.filters.domestic_only.enabled
Then the two call sites both become if _domestic_only_filter_enabled() and _is_domestic_only_page(html):. Three benefits: identical behaviour at both sites by construction (not by discipline), one place to change the fail-open policy if it ever needs revising, and easier to grep for "where do we gate domestic_only" later. Optional — your inline pattern is also fine.
On the sweep run after the PR ships: the agreed shape is shared-code change → run sweep across all 23 baselined unis → diff against snapshot → block merge if any regression isn't acknowledged. For Phase 3 specifically:

Expected diff: ACAP unchanged (its YAML has enabled: true, function still runs, behaviour identical to current prod). All 19 other stubs unchanged for the same reason. The sweep should show zero diffs across all 23 unis.
If any uni shows a diff: that's a real regression and must be debugged before merge. Most likely cause would be a stub that didn't get the enabled: true line correctly, or a uni without a stub picking up the schema default in some path you didn't expect.

The sweep producing zero diffs is the strongest possible signal that Option A is truly behaviour-preserving. If it produces unexpected diffs, the YAML changes from blockers 1+2 are the prime suspect, not the gate code itself.
Order of operations for the PR:

Write the gate code (both call sites + optional helper)
Run the existing ACAP shadow sequence locally — should still be clean since ACAP behaviour is unchanged
Push to a branch, run the multi-uni sweep against main vs branch
Confirm zero unexpected diffs across 23 unis
Merge

If step 4 fails: post the diff payload, don't try to fix blind. The shape of the diff tells you which uni's path bypassed the gate or merged the wrong default.
After Phase 3 merges and ACAP shadow stays clean for 5 more runs with the gate active, you've completed the first end-to-end shared-code cutover. That's the proof point for the whole architecture — every subsequent migration follows the same template.
Then the queue opens up: re NameError fix (shared code, regression sweep), vision OCR trust_vision_ocr per-uni override, ^ ^Available in Perth text-cleaning override, duration regex fix (shared code, regression sweep). Each one its own PR, its own sweep, its own streak.
Go write Phase 3.