2
Save to compare
Key information
Study mode and sessions
On Campus
Next session start: July 13, 2026
View all start dates & locations 
Session 2 : July 13, 2026
On Campus
Sydney
Session 3 : November 16, 2026
On Campus
Sydney
Duration
Minimum time - 2 year(s)
Maximum time - 4 year(s) 
Indicative fees
International on campus
Fee paying overseas:
Full-time - $34,496.00 pa
Part-time - $17,248.00 pa

View costs
Course points and codes
Credit Points: 128
AQF: Level 9
Cricos: 119188F

Charles Sturt experts explain research can make a change
Why study with us?
The Master of Social Work (Professional Qualifying) encompasses areas such as child protection, cross-cultural and Indigenous studies, ethics, human rights, law, mental health, social policy, and in-depth study of social work methods and theories. You'll learn about people, communities, groups and social structures and how to think, communicate and respond to need and opportunity.

Achieve an internationally recognised qualification
Charles Sturt University's Master of Social Work (Professional Qualifying) has full Australian Association of Social Workers accreditation, meaning your qualification is recognised throughout Australia. As a graduate, you'll also be eligible for membership of the International Federation of Social Workers.

Benefit from our reputation
Charles Sturt University is a leading provider of social work education in Australia with more than 30 years' experience delivering social work programs.

Gain authentic experience
You'll develop strong practical skills and hands-on learning through 1000 hours of supported workplace learning, offering unique opportunities to observe, question and model social work behaviour. If you choose, you can broaden your horizons by embarking on a two-week social work tour in a country such as India, China or Indonesia.

Learn from leading educators
Whether you're undertaking online study full-time or part-time, you can be assured of quality learning support and personal contact from dedicated staff who have extensive industry experience and are leaders in their profession. Charles Sturt University's award-winning academics have contributed to the development of social work education in Australia and are continuously engaged in extensive education-based research to inform Charles Sturt University's field education and international programs.

Get paid for placements
You could get help with the costs of your placements with the new Commonwealth Prac Payment! Check if you’re eligible.

Professional Accreditation
Please refer to Charles Sturt Professional Accreditation for specific information on the accrediting body:

Australian Association of Social Workers (AASW)
5-star uni for social work postgraduate salaries.
Our grads earn a median salary of $95,000.

*Good Universities Guide 2025/26

Career opportunities
The Master of Social Work (Professional Qualifying) opens up the potential to pursue a diverse range of roles. You could work in counselling, case management, social administration and policy formation, social action and program planning, family work and rehabilitation, health, community services and corrections, disability advocacy, legal aid or research. If you're already employed in the human services sector, upgrading your qualifications can provide new opportunities to advance your career. While Charles Sturt University social work graduates can travel the world and work anywhere, they are often found at the heart of communities in rural and regional areas.


What you will study
For each 8-point subject you are enrolled in, you should expect to spend 10 to 12 hours per week working on assignments and assigned readings, tutorial assistance, individual or group research/study, forum activity, workplace learning, and attending lectures, intensive schools, or examinations. If you are studying four subjects per session, this is equivalent to a full-time job. The workload for some subjects may vary as a result of approved course design.

Intensive school
You may need to attend an online or on-campus intensive school for certain subjects in this course. These schools usually involve lectures, tutorials and practicals that will give you a deeper understanding of your subject.

Essential set (128 pts)
Standard enrolment patterns
Graduation requirements
As a Charles Sturt University student, throughout your course you have a responsibility to continue to develop skills in English language, literacy and numeracy as appropriate to your discipline. This ongoing development will enable you to effectively participate in your course and graduate prepared to enter the workforce.

Costs
Calculate my fee
The section below is designed to allow you to select the option specific to your circumstances to discover the course fee and course offering information appropriate for you.

Student type
(step 1 of 4)


How is this calculated?
This is an estimate

Fees calculated based on 1 year of full-time study (ETSL).
Fees dependant on chosen subjects.
Subject to annual increase each year.
Not included
Additional costs, fees and incidentals

Scholarships
We have scholarships and grants, totalling over $11 million annually!

They cover various areas such as academic performance, volunteering, sports achievements, community service, specific courses, on-campus living and individuals in unique circumstances.

Entry requirements
 
International students who have not completed a Certificate IV or higher qualification in the English language consistent with the requirements for admission to an AQF Level 9 degree course in Australia must have a minimum score of 7.0 or higher in each component (listening, reading, writing and speaking) of the Academic IELTS test upon application.