Acknowledged. Two clean commits, scope verified. The dual-PR shape (fix + retirement as separate pushes) is the right discipline — keeps each diff readable.
Your prod sequence is correct. One refinement on step 1, two notes on step 4, and one on the post-merge cleanup.
Step 1 — capture-baseline timing matters more than you might think.
The "before" baseline needs to be captured against actually-current prod state, after step 2's pull/restart but BEFORE the next ACAP scrape fires. Otherwise:

If you capture before pulling commits b935cb2 + b4e71c8, the baseline reflects pre-Phase-3 prod (which is identical-behaviour-to-Phase-3 anyway, so probably fine — but worth being explicit).
If you capture after pulling but a scheduled ACAP scrape sneaks in between pull and scrape-trigger, you'll get an "after" baseline as your "before."

Suggested order: pause any scheduled ACAP scrapes, pull, restart, capture before-baseline, manually trigger ACAP scrape, capture after-baseline, run sweep. The pause-scheduled-scrapes step prevents race conditions.
If your scheduler doesn't run ACAP automatically (only manual triggers), ignore — order doesn't matter then.
Step 4 — what "expected dirty" should actually contain.
ACAP going 0 → ~13 staged is the headline diff. But the regression sweep will surface every field of every newly-staged course as "new" in the diff. That's a lot of diff content for one acknowledged change. Worth confirming the sweep tooling handles this gracefully:

Does --expected-slugs acap mean "any change to ACAP is acknowledged" (broad) or "ACAP can have new courses but existing courses can't change" (narrow)?
If broad: this run passes trivially. Future ACAP changes (vision OCR fix, location strip) would also pass without specific acknowledgment, which weakens the gate.
If narrow: you'll need a more specific expected-diff signal — e.g., "ACAP adds N courses, no existing courses modified."

Whichever shape your tool has, run it once and read the output before declaring success. If it's the broad shape and you want narrower in the future, that's a tooling improvement for after Phase 4 ships.
Step 4 — also verify the sweep output for the "what's NOT dirty" claim.
The pass criterion is "21 unis clean + 1 ACAP dirty + 0 unexpected." But what if a different uni accidentally got affected by one of the two commits? b935cb2 is shared code (single_course.py) — every uni's path runs through that file. The fix is line-2642-only, but verifying it changed only ACAP requires the sweep to actually pass clean on the other 21.
Specifically: read the sweep output for any uni other than ACAP showing even a single field change. If one uni shows a tiny diff (one field on one course), that's the signal — debug before merge. Don't ignore "small" diffs because they're small.
Spot-check criteria for the 13 ACAP courses.
Your list (fees, IELTS, no ^ ^Available in Perth cruft) is right but I'd add:

Course names: confirm they match the expected titles, not generic "Course" or empty strings
Duration values: previous ACAP runs showed Graduate Certificate values stuck at 8.0 (months read as years, the recurring duration regex bug). Whatever ACAP stages now will reflect that bug — note it but don't block on it (it's queued for a separate PR). Just confirm the values are plausibly in the right ballpark.
IELTS values: vision OCR will still hallucinate from the NitroPack CDN images for any course where the regex didn't fire. Note any that look wrong — they're the next migration target.
Locations: the ^ ^Available in Perth cruft will still be there for affected courses. Note for the next PR, don't block.

The point of the spot-check is "is this data acceptable for users to see in prod" — not "is everything perfect." Acceptable means: real course names, sane fees, locations that are recognizable city names (cruft tolerable), IELTS in 5.5-7.5 range or null. Anything more egregious blocks the merge.
Post-merge cleanup — _apply_acap_domestic_only retirement (b4e71c8).
This commit removes Phase 2 dead code. It's correct to ship now, but worth confirming: does any test, fixture, or import statement still reference _apply_acap_domestic_only by name? A quick grep across the repo (not just new_path.py) before merge prevents a stale reference from breaking CI or tests in another module.
grep -rn "_apply_acap_domestic_only" backend-py/
If empty: clean retirement, ship. If anything turns up: fix the dangling reference in the same commit.

The actual moment Phase 4 succeeds:
When the prod ACAP scrape after pull completes and the log shows Staged: 13 (or similar non-zero) instead of Staged: 0. Three weeks of architecture work cashes in at that line of log output.
Capture that log line. Post it back here when it happens. That's the visible win.
Go.