Potentially compromised credentials for Google Cloud Platform/API project AI Scraper (id: gen-lang-client-0660884515) 
Dear Customer,
We detected and will delete a publicly exposed a service account bound API key with the following Google Cloud Platform account:

API key ID AQ.Ab8RN6LKEO3UAm_chl8KWIpqtvSYtC9b1MaVanRiYgWDCpCD1g was found at the following URL: https://github.com/Bijay053/University-and-Course-data/blob/d4fdee34c344a964338c9c6f17048e3f081bcffc/attached_assets/Pasted-Welcome-to-Ubuntu-24-04-4-LTS-GNU-Linux-6-8-0-71-generi_1776403655264.txt

To prevent potential security and abuse risks, this service account bound API key will be deleted in accordance with your Organizational Policy for “Service account key exposure response”. Your service account bound API credential may have been inadvertently published in public sources or websites (for instance, the credentials were mistakenly uploaded to a service like GitHub). Please note that as the project/account owner, you are responsible for securing your resources.

Immediate action is required to generate new keys to continue accessing available services. We strongly recommend that you take the following steps:

For Google Cloud:

Log in to the Google Cloud Console.
Generate new service account bound API key(s) by following these instructions.
Take immediate steps to ensure that your service account bound API key(s) are not embedded in public source code systems, stored in download directories, or unintentionally shared in other ways.
For Google Cloud express mode:

Log in to the Google Cloud Express Mode Console.
Generate new service account bound API key(s) by visiting the API keys page and creating a new API key
Take immediate steps to ensure that your service account bound API key(s) are not embedded in public source code systems, stored in download directories, or unintentionally shared in other ways.
Learn more about responding to abuse notifications and warnings

The security of your Google Cloud Platform account(s) is important to us. Please let us know if you have additional questions by contacting Google Cloud Support.

Sincerely,

Google Cloud Platform Team